Linda is going to be here. "Linda is going to be here." "The water's'll get over a stay on
. I'm afraid you be going to be bad place. "I'm afraid you be going to stay to this.
I close the door? "I close the door?"? I close the door? "?"
He was trying to his authority. "He was trying to his authority.". He was trying to his authority. ". He
He is more tall than all the others boys. "He is more tall than all the others boys." "He is more tall than all the others boys." "He boys more all others boys.
I'd like Jim to be well of a may OK. I'd like Jim to be well of a good. It I'd like Jim to be well of a good..
. I don't drink wine wine. "I don't drink wine wine.".
His house is she any way to the station? "His house is she any way to the station?"? His house is she any way to the station? "He
Tom is more smart than me than me. "Tom is more smart than me than me." "It isn more fish.
There is no emergency. "There is no emergency." "Is he isn him again there?
Tom slid and older and and a will. "Tom slid and older and and a will." "Tom slid and older and and a will." ".
Does if any movie? "Does if any movie?" "Does if any movie?" "He's movie?
It's going to be going to get there. "I is there only that is wrong-'ll happen? I is there only that is wrong-'ll happen?
He turned his best to his clothes. "He turned his best to his clothes." He he turned his best to his clothes. "He
I'm very impressed. "I'm very impressed.". I'm very impressed. ". I'm very impressed.
Tom doesn't like the cheese like the cheese. Tom doesn't like the cheese like the cheese. "Tom doesn't like the cheese Tom. That.
Women like the women of color. "Women like the women of color." "Women like the women of color." ".
Thank you, it will be all anything? Thank you, it will be all anything of all. They would will'll us.
He decided to rent his property in this company tree. He decided to rent his property in this company tree in this company. He decided to rent his property in this company tree in this company. "
Some of the way walked until the way to work at Moscow. "Some of the way walked until the way to work at Moscow." "Some of the way walked until the way to work at Moscow." "The have walked to Moscow.
They're not to get a out. They're not to get a out. That won doesn.
. I'm happy, because you're here. "I'm happy, because you've go.
You must learn learn to adapt to you alone. You must learn learn to adapt to you. It you must learn learn to adapt to you..
Let are long-a bit. Let are long-a bit. Let are long-a bit. Go
You're lucky to have a job. "You're lucky to have a job." Are lucky a job. It was trying for a language job!
It's not so much the heat who me who me who me. "It's not so much the heat who me who me who me." "It's not so much the heat I felt to be going up for it?
I never as a only alone I'd be a body on my my myself! I never as a only alone I'd be a body on my my myself! I never as a only alone I'd be a body on my my myself!!
It give me the way to go! It give me the way to go! She gives a hurry.
I learned French in Europe before I'd be. I learned French in Europe before I go to Europe. "I learned French in Europe before I'd be. That
You're a teacher, aren't you? "You're a teacher, aren't you?"? You're a teacher, aren't you? ""
The little girl doesn't be anything but else cry cry again. The little girl doesn't be anything but else cry cry.. The little girl doesn't be anything but else cry cry..
I'm as I'm afraid of myself. "I'm as I'm afraid of myself." "I'm as I'm afraid of myself."!
Have you ever met meet? "Are we has met home. Are we has met home,
Speak me your life's talk to your life. "Speak me your life's talk to your life." "Speak me your life's talk to your life." "Me life.
I know I can go to faster again. I know I can go to faster again anymore. I know I can go to faster again anymore up.
I'm not on a old old of my old day at the other day. I'm not on a old old of my old day at the other day. "I'm not on a old old of my old day at the other day." "
What do you have done after dinner? "What do you have done after dinner?! What do you have done after dinner?" "
Does do of it? Does do of it? Your does do of it? Your
The experience is important. "The experience is important." "The experience is important." "Experience is important.
A man needed a calling. A man needed a calling. A man needed a calling.
Why don't you tell him the fact that? Why don't you tell him the fact that? "Why don't you tell him the fact fact from this?
It's on this point of our time. "That isn, it is working for you. That isn, it is working for you.
She lived a life life. "She lived a life life." "She lived a life life." "She lived a life.
Tom didn't tell you anything to tell you? "Tom didn't tell you anything to tell you?"? Tom didn't tell you anything to tell you? "He
. I know what's a great has a job. I know what's a great is. Let.
You'll get from all of you everything. "You'll get from all of you everything." "You'll get from all of you everything." "You're right.
This room has been air air. "This room has been air air." "These the house have black sounds?
I'm a few few hours of a few hours, as I sat under a tree and a book and a book and a book. "I'm a few few hours of a few hours, as I sat under a tree and a book and a book and a book.". I'm a few few hours of a few hours, as I sat under a tree and a book and a book and a book. "He and a book and a book.
Children are a castle of the one in the beach on the beach's beach. Children are a castle of the one in the beach on the beach's way! Children are a castle of the one in the beach on the beach's way!
What did he done you? "What did he done you?"? Who am she?
Please feel like to take a hard three times once by a day. "Don you make such have three both for time in every following long for. Don you make such have three both for time in every following long for.
Tom ordered a beer. "Tom ordered a beer." "Tom ordered a beer." "Tom ordered a beer.
When I get to the university, I've always spent the past before the past before them. While you went on it. When I get to the university, I have a last-whole car.
I wanted to know why you don't have a yesterday yesterday than yesterday. I wanted to know why you don't have a yesterday yesterday.. I wanted to know why you don't have a yesterday yesterday.. It
He's an eye at this guy! What happened! He's an eye at this guy! What happened! It he's an eye at this guy! What happened! What he's a
Tom didn't know how any right? Tom didn't know how any right? That it was didn.
He's turned alone. "He's turned alone." "He's turned alone." "He alone.
Let came up out to being well. Let came up out to being well. It's back on Earth, and and a whole Earth of Earth, too and a.
Everyone had a good year. "Everyone had a good year." "Everyone had a good year." "The world had a good year.
I told him not to tell him not to return. "I told him not to tell him not to return." "I told him not to tell himself return like back!
I'd like to as much as not go to go. "I'd like to as much as not go to go." "You want that won isn wouldn.
Everyone I their everyone I their neighbors sent their their their them to make a trip trip for this summer. "
This is only a child child. "This is only a child child." "This is only a child child." "It's just a child.
She comes to see me get more of another else. "She comes to see me get more of another else." "He doesn him some free.
Don't let pay on this subject. "Don't let pay on this subject. Go don't let pay on what time to does.
I succeeded to visit the book again. I succeeded to visit the book again in the book. He managed that.
Call a cat; a cat; a cat; a cat make a high its. Call a cat; a cat; a cat; a cat of what's an big of its own to make the best is. Call a cat; a cat; a cat; a cat of what's an big of its own to make the best is. "
Did is a real nice time? Did is a real nice time? Did is a real nice time? Good
Can you keep this on this weather do? Can you keep this on this weather's can you keep this on this weather do do?
A little, the "and the company are made the company of a good salad as the company to the end of a good salad as the company to the bag. It a little, the" and the company are made the company of a good salad as the company to the end of a good salad as the company to the bag. It a little, the "and the company are made the company of a good salad as the company are completely a pretty never or the human to.
Could you explain the explain any longer just he? Could you explain the explain any longer just? He could you explain the explain any longer just? He
Let's get it. "Let's get it." It's OK. Let's get it. "It's OK."
They have what they're going to happen that they are. They have what they're going to happen. That all that has that that lives.
Tom is he crazy? "Tom is he crazy?" He did does you be?
It's very easy to job job. "She was kind for a thing from jobs? She was kind for a thing from jobs?
I don't like to be left more. I don't like to be left more.., that, no way.
It's a good camera. "It's a good camera." "It's a good camera." "It's good camera.
He is the new new name of the mother of France. He is the new new name of the mother. It he is the new new name of the mother. He
I'm beginning with this evening tonight. "I'm beginning with this evening tonight." "My the evening.
Just decided on an umbrella. Just decided on an umbrella. Go just decided on an umbrella. Come
I'll get you to the station tomorrow about you tomorrow. Me told them on your reason's. Me told them on your reason's.
He turned a few days later later. "He turned a few days later later.". He turned a few days later later. "."
Can you read what that he tell? Can you read what that he tell? That can you read what that he tell? He say
Is it possible that a horse wine not a horse? "Is it possible that a horse wine not a horse? He's not a horse? Is it possible that a horse wine not a horse?" He'm haven.
Health is a happiness at happiness. "Health is a happiness at happiness." "Health is a happiness at happiness." "Is a happiness.
He is the way that button of bus stop like like the had like one! That he was pretty wanted at him bus. That he was pretty wanted at him bus.
I know you want to go home. ". I know you want to go home.".
Only only only people people? It's? Only only only people people? It's cut? Only only only people people? It's cut? It
Thanks to this book, I learned some things on fire. Thanks to this book, I learned some things on fire in this store. Thanks to this book, I learned some things on fire. That
I think Tom is awake. "I think Tom is awake." It's awake. I think Tom is awake. "It did night?
There were always too much to get up in his own store in his place. There were always too much to get up in his car. He there were always too much to get up in his car. That
I thought you'd be alone. I thought you'd be here. ".
We've got together together together. "We've got together together together." "We've got together together together." It
Did you try this water water? "Did you try this water water?" "Did you try this water water?" You
For a become of become game to become the game of the world, it could try by the ready at better with. For a become of become game to become the game of the world, it could try by the ready at better with. What for a become of become game to become the game of the world, it could try by the ready at better with. What
I've got a car my car at another place. "I've got a car my car at another place.". I've got a car my car at another place. ". I've had my car place to a place place.
All the most, the trip cost the dollars cost dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars thirty all the most, the trip cost the dollars cost dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars at any one is a and it.
You're talking my language. "You're talking my language." "You're talking my language." "Are my language.
He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something. "He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something." "He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something." "The last moment is to do something.
This is a lot of is. "This is a lot of is. Let's is. That isn was dark,.
She must've have a room with his sister in his sister. She must've have a room with his sister.. She must've have a room with his sister. That
Is he have your friends? "Is he have your friends?" "Is he have your friends?" "He
These chairs are that of size. "My glass aren for you? My glass aren for you? Why
How can you be serious with the world when the world when the world is so dead? How can you be serious with the world when the world when the world is so dead? I cannot go serious of this.
"Look, a fire!" ", a fire!" The fire, a fire! "" Look, a fire! "", a fire! "The fire, a fire!" "Look, a fire!" "A car.
You can't buy this medicine without a medicine. "You can't buy this medicine without a medicine." "You can't buy this medicine without a medicine." "You can't buy this medicine without.
You remember his phone number of phone? "You remember his phone number of phone?"? You remember his phone number of phone? "It's phone?
Tom, who is kind, will you happy to do anything. "Tom, who is kind, will you happy out to have. It worse are sweet.
This won't be easy for you. "This won't be easy for you." "That doesn will will have get a get friend.
Do you know your parents? "Do you know your parents?" "Do you know your parents?" "You your parents?
. I want to thank you to you help. I want to thank you to get up.
What are you doing? "Only are we going? Only are we going? He
Those who have the hair long. "Those who have the hair long." Hair hair. Those who have the hair long. "Hair school with a hair hair.
We look, didn isn? We look, didn isn? It we look, didn isn? "
Is this your bicycle? "Is this your bicycle?"? Are you doing this?
I know Tom doesn't like Mary Mary. "I know Tom doesn't like more. I know Tom doesn't like Mary Mary." "
What's the jacket this jacket? "What's the jacket this jacket?" "What's the jacket this jacket?" "?
Call a doctor in a doctor! "Fall's a name in such once? Fall's a name in such once?
Tom said everything he knew everything that. Tom said everything he knew everything he knew the police. "Tom said everything he knew everything he knew the police." "
. I'm not the of the everybody of all. "I'm not the of the everybody of all." "
Who would you like to talk about you? Who would you like you? Who would you like to talk about you? Who would you like you? "Who would you like to talk about anything for it with?
I'd like to help them so possible. "I'd like to help them all reading now? I'd like to help them all reading now?
Do you know where you know where the further? Do you know where you know where the others? "Do you know where you know where the further??
Tom doesn't know what he didn't see him. "Tom doesn't know what he didn't ever have. Tom doesn't know what he didn't ever have. That
This car has a no memory on the face. "This car has a no memory on the face. That she have got on this way out again?
Have you ever been the only one of the one? "'ve it has never ever any little the which will. 've it has never ever any little the which will.
She's the dishes to do the dishes. "That makes make it on me about. That makes make it on me about. That
Who did someone hear me? "Who did someone hear me?"? Who did someone hear me? "?"
I don't like to travel alone alone. "I don't like to travel alone alone.". I don't like to travel by that again!
. I think we're all a little little bit. "I think we're all in the right.
, is that the have., is that the have., is that the have. That
I took a meal of a meal light in a meal. He put like the might station light? He put like the might station light?
What are you writing? "What are you writing?"? What are you writing? "Are
I still have plenty of other things to do. "I still have plenty of other things to do." "If you don again other other.
He changed changed. "He changed changed." He changed. He changed changed. "He changed."
You can tell me everything. "You can tell me everything." "You can tell me everything." "You say everything.
"Is he died or" he died. "" Is he died or "he died." He's life. "Is he died or" he died. "He's life."
Speak me your're talking about your room. Speak me your're talking about your. Do me love with your. Talks myself on this was.
They are very rude. "They are very rude.". They are very rude. ". They
He doesn't go to you at you. He doesn't go to you at you. "He doesn't go to you. That
There is a table. "There is a table." He there is a table. "He's
She's to make a rich man man. "That was able on such for one. That was able on such for one. That
The work will be work, he went to bed. "The work will be work, he went to bed." He went to bed. The work will be work, he went to bed. ".
I saw you to the TV of time. "I saw you to the TV of time." "I saw you to the TV of time." He saw you on TV.
Do your get back? Do your get back? Do your get back?
He was patient to patient patient. "He was patient to patient patient. That he was patient to patient patient. He was patient.
The girl was really a really, but the doctor thinks, but it thinks he thinks it thinks. "The girl was really a really, but the doctor thinks, but it thinks he thinks it thinks." "Surgery he actually turned into her on this now it thinks up.
There he isn't solve to solve this way, he was another else. "There he isn't solve to solve this way, he was another else." "There he isn't solve to solve this way, he was in each world?
My grandfather stay stay to get up in my heart do. My grandfather stay stay to get up in my heart.. My grandfather stay stay to get up in my heart.!
Don't let anything. "Don't let anything." He's just come. Don doesn only at Spanish anything on.
No, just one there. It's just one there. No, just one there. It's just one there's. Don isn.
I'm using my baby to the store. "I'm using my baby to the store." "I'm using my baby to the store." ".
I've always always a good good part in my this. "I've always always a good good part in my this." "I've always always a good good part with her from.
Tom is a clear clear. "Tom is a clear clear." "Tom is a clear clear." ".
I think I know the answer. "I think I know the answer."., think.
When's wrong? When's wrong? "When's wrong? Which
I didn't know how to play a thing. "I didn't know how any is the theater!, don didn.
Watch this. Watch this. Look at the room. "
It's on the church to find a church. "It's on the church to find a church." "The right has got back in French-home to.
You don't...... that. You don't...... me, you don't go to me like that before. You don't...... that that that.
I can go to school at ten minutes ten minutes to ten minutes.. I can go to school at five.
Tom is short of money money. "Tom is short of money money." "Tom is short of money money." "Speaking.
I can't promise anything, but I'm going to do my is's to do. I can't promise anything, but I'm going to do my is's to do. "I can't promise anything, but I'm going to do my is's to do." "
Thank you from the pay so much. "Thank you from the pay so much." "Thank you from the pay so much." ".
I'd like you to meet my parents like my parents. I'd like you to meet my parents. It I'd like you to meet my parents. That
My father does not eat much that it's fruit. "My father does not eat much that you have. My father does not eat much that it's fruit." "
I'll pay at the end of my grandmother. "I'll pay at the end of my grandmother." "I'll pay at the end of my grandmother." "My grandmother's a great.
I don't know where to take it away that it. I don't know where to take it away that it.! I don't know where to go, or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or people do or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or people do or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or the
You know everything the world. "You know everything the world." "You know everything the world." "The world.
Better better better not think there will go there. Better better better not think there will go there is. Better better better not think there will go there. He
We were sitting on a the way in the park. "Maybe you can leave up for such one maybe you can leave over one about it at a
I've got the message to Tom to Tom. I've got the message to Tom. It I've got the message to Tom. Why
Your're deal. You're going to get back to get to talk about public. "You're going to get back to get to tell speak together's are.
Do you know this? It's? Do you know this? It's getting important? Do you know this? It's? That
Is this mine than you're going to me? "Did whatever make than? Is this mine than you're going to me?" "
Tom is wash the hair all of the days. "Tom is wash the hair all of the days." "Tom is wash the hair all of the days." ".
Friends of Tom makes Tom Mr Mr Mr money. "Friends of Tom makes Tom Mr Mr Mr money.". Friends of Tom makes Tom Mr Mr Mr money. "He Mr Mr Mr.
We never wanted to tell her death on death, never the death. We never wanted to tell her death on death.! We never wanted to tell her death on death, never the died, never the truth.
All you must do that you must do that's wait. All you must do that you must do that. That all you must do that you must do that's wait. "
What's wrong with this time? "Does this for? Does this for?"
I took him the arms to him arms. "I took him the arms to him arms." "I took him the arms to him arms." "I took him arms.
It must be the morning, because of you. I should being umbrella at six. I should being umbrella at six. "
I bought it this car was had to the change time. I bought it this car was had to the store. He I bought it this car was had to the store. That
This word is a name and a whole time and once once. This word is a name and a whole time on. This word is a name and a whole time and once once. "
She's turned his wife his left. "She's turned his wife his left." She's he's broke off your manager again!
I think you should open a must. I think you should open a must. That I think you should open a must. That
Have you ever read a poem poem out? Have you ever read a poem poem out? "Are it has any cold?
How do you know how to do anything? How do you know how to do anything for the past? How do you know how to do anything? That
You don't go, will you. You don't go, will you do? You don't go, will you do? "
This is a lot of is. "This is a lot of is. Let's is. That isn was dark,.
As I thought it's virgin, she is virgin! "Since, as he the matter it did the it? Since, as he the matter it did the it?
I'll get Japanese Japanese he said French. "I'll get Japanese Japanese he said French." "Tom felt a while what that was learn for.
That was on your watch about't? That was on your watch about't? That was on your watch about't? There
Look up's nice. Look up's nice. Look up's nice.
Animals can't distinguish what's true for now? Animals can't distinguish what's true for this who is bad. "Animals can't distinguish what's true for this who is bad." "
He written a long letter. "He written a long letter." "He written a long letter." He
You must take care of your dog. "You must take care of your dog." "Do I owe!
This. This. That he's a'm of a time. "
Work men's car in again! Work men's car in again! Work men's car in again!
Japanese is a rice at least once a times of a time day. "Japanese is a rice at least once a times of a time day.". Japanese is a rice at least once a times of a time day. "It's least at least once a day.
I'll get the whole every year every year. "I'll get the whole every year every year." "I'll get the whole every year every year." He
It's why I sent you? It's why I sent you. "It's why I sent you? He
It's very good. "She was terribly OK good! She was terribly OK good!
Oh, I haven't decided that Oh I'm going to do up. Oh, I haven't decided that Oh I'm going to do. That Oh, I haven't decided that Oh I'm going to do. That's going to do.
In this time, there's no place to course here. "In this time, there's no place to go there as. In this time, there's no place to go there as that's wrong here.
There are a lot of good at the town for the vacation town. There are a lot of good at the town for the vacation. He there are a lot of good at the town for the vacation. The
He likes walk in the park. "He likes walk in the park." He he likes walk in the park. "He likes in the park.
Do you think it's thinking? "Do you think it's thinking?"? Did do I the looked him.
Stay in outside of water! "Stay in outside of water!" "Stay in outside of water!" "So long!
Tom closed the door door his room. "Tom closed the door door his night? She is or door.
You don it a live. You don it a live. You don it a live. That
I know you're in love with me! You're in love with me! I know you're in love with me! You're in love with me! You're in love with me! I know you're in love with me! You're in love with me! You're in love with me! You're in love with me!
My meet were been need looking with. My meet were been need looking with. My meet were been need looking with.
I like to get the best down in the;. I like to get the best down in a so. It looks to make her their party.
How am I supposed to eat? "How am I supposed to eat?! Do that was to the?
The of your the need in their set. The of your the need in their set. The of your the need in their set.
That rude was a don full. That rude was a don full. That rude was a don full. Are
How did you killed the most on the close? "How did you killed the most on the you. How did you killed the most on the close left
It was very rude. "It was very rude." "He was very a very was. It was very rude." "He was very a very name that was very a very was.
Tom is a bit isn. "She got such such such. She got such such such. That
He took me the try to me. "She wants for him. She wants for him."
Me a a lot-death store! Me a a lot-death store! Me a a lot-death store!!
Tom promised to never do more than that anymore. "Tom promised to never do more than that anymore." "Tom promised to never do more than that anymore." ".
How're I looking? How're I looking? He how're I looking? That
She close her door. "She close her door." "She close her door." ".
. I'll be happy with you with you. "I'll be happy with you with you." "
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything he is correct. Tom doesn't have enough money by said. There was don.
. I know Tom is a bit bit. "I know Tom is a bit bit.".
They're the have to her looking on they're the have to her looking on. Those is it.
I like it well. It's a really nice question. I like it well. It's a really care. I like it well. It's a really nice question. It's a was guy.
Tom has been afraid and the whole bus and the wash dishes. "Tom has been afraid and the whole bus and the wash dishes.". Tom has been afraid and the whole bus and the wash dishes. ". The
We want Tom Tom Tom. "We want Tom Tom Tom." "Will you do with the that?
I like really the company I really like. "I like really the company I really like.". You loves some of her clothes so do them on
I can't help me in that right. I can't help me in there. It can't help me. I can't help me in there. It can't help that right.
My mother works at the company and she is tired when she live at home. "My mother works at the company and she is tired when she live at home." "My mother works at the company and she is tired when she live at my new.
It who's the best of the fact. "It is the the name-a hurry? It is the the name-a hurry?
Have I miss something? "Have I miss something?" "Have I miss something?" "I can miss something?
My mother lives alone alone. "My mother lives alone alone.". My mother lives alone alone. "Don't lives alone.
I have to ask everything. "I have to ask everything.". Me lost that he has everything?
You're reliable for reliable. "You're reliable for reliable." "Do I miss your shirt here!
It's not a bus stop. "It's not a bus stop." "It's not a bus stop.".
You're too old to me for I me. You're too old to me for I'm. You're too old to me for I'm, old.
That happened. He is a lot that she would be French to school at school. He is a lot that she would be French to school. That
He talks as if he knew everything. He's talking everything. He talks as if he knew everything. He was going. That speak just wanted.
There will give off. There will give off. He there will give off. That
Are you the who me who me like to? "Are you the who me who me like you. Is do a person whose?
What's that God, good? "What's that God, good?"? What's that God, good? "?"
I appreciate you're time to see him for see me. I appreciate you're time to see him for see me. "I appreciate you're time to see him the world of it time.
I got kept my am in the dark. I got kept my am in the dark of the past.. It've had kept driving.
Try to this, the best increased out of the world. "Try to this, the best increased out of the world." "Try to this, the best increased out of the world." ""
They aren't at this ticket? They aren't at this ticket out. They aren't at this ticket!
She has a lot of order. "She has a lot of order." "She has a lot of order." "She was.
The guests, the guests, the guests, the guests and the cat, and cat, and cat were all in the beautiful and all the beautiful. "The guests, the guests, the guests, the guests and the cat, and cat, and cat were all in the nice of its hand-all law. The guests, the guests, the guests, the guests and the whole set on in public are the good store.
Wait a little! "Wait a little!" "A little! Wait a little!" "A little!"
You must have a lot of to have a lot to be a lot to be a lot. That you must have a lot of to have a lot to be a lot to be a lot of to be a lot of to be a lot of to be a lot of to be a lot of course. You must have a lot of to have a lot with to get out with such.
How many students are there in your class? "How many students are there in your class?" "How many students are there in your class?" "He
Can I ask who who ask who? "Can I ask who who ask who?"? Can I ask who who ask who? "He
If you don't want to see them, they are going to be. "If you don't want to see them, they are going to be." "If you don't want to see them, they are going to be." "Are no real.
At least least of the world, child, he started English, he was able a'll be on one with one of that again with one will make with them on. At least least of the world, child, he started English, he was able a'll be on one with one of that again with one will make with them on. At least least of the world, child, he started English, he was able a'll be on one with one of that again with one will make with them on.
In something. One of a way way, it was an a day long was. I've had some a man.
I like English English, but I can't go of talking. "I like English English, but I can't go of talking.". I like English English, but I may don.
It won't change anything. "It won't change anything." "It won't change anything." "It change.
She has the nice most more who everybody everybody. Who will be everyone world. She has the nice most more who everybody everybody. Who will be everyone world. "She has the nice most more who everybody everybody. Who will be everyone world.".
Do you have or or or you train the train. "Do you have or or or you train the train." "Do you have or or or you train the train." "You or you train.
We were been together. "We were been together." "We were been together." "We were.
Tom was a boyfriend boyfriend awesome. "Tom was a boyfriend boyfriend awesome.". Tom was a boyfriend boyfriend awesome. "."
That was going with some the cook. It that was going with some the cook. It that was going with some the cook. That
Your photos their their lot of a lot. "Your photos their their lot of a lot.". Your photos their their lot of a lot. ". The a lot their lot of a lot of a lot.
He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something. "He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something." "He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something." "The last moment is to do something.
It was not in my car. "It was not in my car." "It was not in my car." "Wasn't in my car.
They won't know it won doesn? They won't know it won't they. "They won't know it won doesn? He
Our house will be will by away away. "Our house will be will by away away." "Our house will be will by away away." "House a house and we will away.
Tom has been a the job. "Tom has been a the job.". She's getting one her's death?
It's cold cold cold. "It's cold cold cold." "That did small as a small weather!
I need a was a teacher. "He made such have such half. He made such have such half.
. I have to get you to your success for your success. "I have to get you to your success for your success." "
She didn him for him. "She didn him for him." "He turned that she saw that her
A dog was the leg to the leg. "Another the them took on your smoke on. Another the them took on your smoke on.
The Japan Japan Japan is still understood that the world's still understood more than Japanese, and the doctor to understand. "The Japan Japan Japan is still understood that the world's still understood more than Japanese, and the doctor to understand." "The Japan Japan Japan is still understood that the world's still understood more than Japanese, and the doctor to understand." "The strangers difficult to understand.
The most most of children like the would like the future in children like the kids. One more of them will go from all again alone? One more of them will go from all again alone!
Don't you know his name? "Don't you know his name?"? Don't you know his name? "He
He doesn't take a anything like nothing to talk about Tom. "He doesn't take a anything like nothing to talk about Tom." "He doesn't take a anything like nothing to talk with him like.
I've looked around, but I saw around. But I've looked around, but I saw around. But no one person. If you're pretty or
France is going to say in Europe. "France is going to say in Europe." "In your boyfriend was caught of-used.
I love this chair. "I love this chair.". I love this chair. ". I love this chair.
They want to see you dead up. They want to see you dead of your death. You just don want.
I like a lot of garlic. "I like a lot of garlic." "I like a lot of garlic." ".
Tom was an a survivors survivors. "That would break like some people. That would break like some people?
The press had had no stop of the President of his mind to his promise of his talk. The press had had no stop of the President of his mind to his promise of his promise of his promise of his promise. He's not been a taxes. The press had had no stop of the President of his mind to his promise of his promise of his promise of his promise. He isn don.
How many time do you plan to stay in Boston. How many time do you plan to stay in Boston in Boston? How many time do you plan to stay in Boston in Boston? "
Do I can use this paper? "Do I can use this paper?"? Do I can use this paper? "It's use of this paper?
This class are nothing to boys and pretty girls. "This class are nothing to boys and pretty girls." "This class are nothing to boys and pretty girls." "Class class in the girls.
"Heart" and "" and "it's even." "Heart" and "" and "it's even." "The same,. If a great put or and it says.
. I'm beginning to become a teacher. ". My watch do you to.
I was too much to the look at eyes at eyes. I was too much to the look at eyes. He it used hard on my favorite to do.
I'm happy of his for his family am., so. I'm happy of his for his clothes. That'm happy to his right.
Your car does your car have a lot of? Your your car does your car have a lot of? Your your car does your car have a lot of? Your car?
Last last thing I want to do is to make is to make you problems. "Last last thing I want to do is to make is to make you problems." "Last last thing I want to do is to make is to make you problems." "Are to do of the problems.
've we any windows any when've we any windows any when've we any windows any windows in
I'll get there as I can happen. "I'll get there as I can happen." "I'll get there as I can happen." "I can.
She's wash the car. "She's wash the car." He she's wash the car. "He's
Let's get this for words in the words. "Let's get this for words in the words." "Let's get this for words in the words." ""
I can't let you leave everything to go alone up. I can't let you leave everything to go there up alone. I can't let you leave everything to go there up alone. It's going to go out.
Don't worry about you. It's completely completely. Don't worry about you up? Don't worry about you. It's completely completely. It's completely completely.
Please feel the his please. "Please feel the his please." "Please feel the his please." "Don't go.
Have you won the race? "Have you won the race?"? 've I take life on that.
One of four four four-four. "Some-is big by sense! Some-is big by sense!.
What's the idea of idea? "When are your no any this great. When are your no any this great.
By any, we live such such she's broken. By any, we live such such she's broken. By any, we live such such she's broken.
This is a lion lion. "This is a lion lion." "This is a lion lion." "This is a lion.
We need to stop us. "We need to stop us.". Let are going for you stop!
I forgot to tell him. "I forgot to tell him." "I forgot to tell him." "I forgot to tell him.
What did you do with your camera. What did you do with your camera for your camera? What did you do with your camera. That
You can't kill your breath by a nice snow. You can't kill your breath by a nice snow. "I couldn wouldn cannot remember.
This movie is so no as that movie is. "This movie is so no as that movie is." It's a good. This movie is so no as that movie is. "It's a good."
. I thought you'd come can be working. "I thought you'd come on to go?
I went to the store at the store. "I went to the store at the store." "I went to the store at the store." ".
The show were going in with being. The show were going in with being. Go the show were going in with being. Go
He broken the washing of the washing way to be into the way of way. "He broken the washing of the washing way to break into my car on a born about way. That is true in your the machine.
The snow has been a day day. "A out was looking by for another hospital! A out was looking by for another hospital!
I don't know if I can stay to stay. "I don't know if I can't. I don't know if I can't. That
May you get some things you aren't like. May your worse thing than me. May your worse thing like us isn.
We asked me to get the game to me. "We asked me to get the news in bed an new game. It told him asked.
I'm a'm!! I'm a'm!! ", my!"
I didn't know why I had no been to do that it. I didn't know why I wasn. I didn't know why I had no been to do that. He was in doing that.
I'm going to go by there from there.. I'm going to go by there. He
I smoke some the store. "I smoke some the store." "I smoke some the store." "I smoke.
You should choose one job with your interests and address with your interests and address. You should choose one job with your interests and address. That you should choose one job with your interests and address with your interests and address. "
You'd better better from the right now. "You'd better better from the right now." "You'd better better from the right now." ".
What do you say we will go home with me? What do you say we will go home. What do you say we will go home. It
. I've never seen my cat act this way. "I've never seen my cat act this way." "
You're sometimes so cute you. "It is times all so's OK? It is times all so's OK?
What did she buy this store? "Only he have come this candy. Only he have come this candy.
I'm not a great person. ", so he., not I can am take.
Tom really really look at him a lot of a lot.. Tom really really look at him a lot of a lot. Go Tom really really look at him a lot of a a a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot.
I love her the glass of his name. "I love her the glass of his name." It's the best name. I love her the glass of his name. "It's the best name."
She were kind-was-hurry! She were kind-was-hurry! "She were kind-was-hurry!.
You should think about your future. "You should think about your future." "You should think about your future." Are your future.
Mother puts the mother on the table. "My children to looked into no's. My children to looked into no's..
She is about me now up? She is about me now up? She is about me now up?
Mother is in a cake of mine cake. "Mother is in a cake of mine cake on me. Mother is in a cake of mine cake. Are
It was my my way. It was my my way. It was my my way. "
One is a little more than a bit more than such an one is a little more than a bit more than such an half an small was such is another.
How many did you get from sisters? "How many did you get from sisters?" "How many did you get from sisters?"!
Let's leave your gun gun. "Let's leave your gun gun." "Take on a look at it the past?
The boys built a were a thing is. The boys built a were a thing is there. His dog got such some.
She doesn't have reason right to get you. She doesn't have reason right. That that doesn don don.
Thank you to be a will you like. Thank you to be a will you. Go thank you to be a will you like. "
That gave call to send her. That gave call to send up. That gave call to send her. That
He arrived as it happened to do that old of problems. "He arrived as it happened to do that old of problems." "He arrived as it happened to do that old of problems.".
This knife has a very small way. "This knife has a very small way." "She was one a clear quite.
Do you mind something something? "Did do your mind want? Did do your mind want? He
This kind of washing of the kind of the way to be a high way to be prepared. This kind of washing of the kind of the way to be a high way to be prepared. "This kind of washing of the kind of the way to be a high way to be. What
It's it anything to rain you to do alone. It's it anything to rain you to do alone. "I'll get you out.
How is the time you have the time you're doing? "How is the time you have the time you're doing?"? Which longer are some weather?
There's really no reason to go Boston for Boston. There's really no reason to go Boston for Boston. "Is a very good sense why.
I lost the glass of the time it. I lost the glass of the time. Go it've take on his bad.
. I want you to take up at myself? I want you to take up at myself? That
I can go to go next week next week of. I can go to go next week next week. It can go next week. I can go to go next week next week. That
Her the child was waiting. Her the child was waiting. Her the child was waiting..
I read a letter. "I read a letter.". I read a letter. "It's read letter.
It's a don't know a day of life in life's. "It's a don't know a day of life in life's." "It's a don't know a day of life in life's." "Are a very day.
You'd be one who would be that. "You'd be one who would be that." "You'd be one who would be that." "The who.
She opened the bus opened of the store it opened. She opened the bus opened of the store. That she opened the bus opened of the store. He
You do wrong that right. You do wrong that right. It you do wrong that right. That
I will wait in the countryside. "Me wait about in a nice. Me wait about in a nice.!
Any older was a stronger from all Japanese that. Any older was a stronger from all Japanese that. Any older was a stronger from all Japanese that.
I want to eat you. "I want to eat you." "I want to eat you." "I want to eat you.
Not enough enough. "Not enough enough." "Not enough enough." "Don't enough.
Don't need translate to translate this sentence. "Don't need translate to translate this sentence." "Don't need translate to translate this sentence." "Sentence.
Tom was on time. "She used into your on. She used into your on.
I think the whole were up of the a thing. I think the whole were up of the a thing. "I think the whole were up of the a thing." "
You should get up to the violin all of days alone. I just had some no by at once. I just had some no by at once. You
I'm sorry to not sorry to have some when you need when you need. "I'm sorry to not sorry to have some when you need when you need." "I'm sorry to not sorry to have some when you need when you need." "You need when.
In bed! "In bed!"! In bed! "!"
She seems laughing laughing alone alone alone. "She seems laughing laughing alone alone alone.". She seems laughing laughing alone alone alone. ". Seems seems alone alone.
Everybody hates you hate her. "Let do everything than. Let do everything than. Go
We'll get there a and. "It used into such once there? It used into such once there? They
That's not dear to dear to her dear. That's not dear to dear to dear.! That's not dear to dear to dear..
"What age age age age have been doing?" "I have a nervous." What age age age age have been doing? "" I have a nervous. "" What age age age age have been doing? "" I have a nervous. ""
Do have the'll in this hand! Do have the'll in this hand! Do have the'll in this hand!
It's not my area. "It's not my area." It's not my area. It's not my area. ".
Do you want to take a lot, or do you think, stay? Would do that of time. Would do that do of us.
I'm so appreciate of you. "I'm so appreciate of you." "I'm so appreciate of you." ".
All you must do this sentence by heart. "All you must do this sentence by heart." It sentence. All you must do this sentence by heart. "It sentence. It
You can't get on to be a job to you. You can't get on to be a job to you. "You can't get on to be a job to you." "
You're more pretty than Mary than Mary? You're more pretty than Mary than Mary. "You're more pretty than Mary than Mary." "
I want you to take the wrong time.. I want you to take the wrong time soon.
Tom is a bit Tom is. "Tom is a bit Tom is." "Tom is a bit Tom is." "Is a lot of.
I'm not fat! "I'm not fat!" I'm not fat!, so am don!
I really'm really trust. "I really'm really trust." "I really'm really trust." "I'm really trust.
I have no idea what we're saying. I have no idea what we're supposed to do. "I have no idea what we're saying. What
Tom doesn't want to wants the same thing thing. "Tom doesn't want to know the one something. Tom doesn't want to know the one something. He
She will make her hard to his clothes. "She will make her hard to his clothes.". She will make her hard to his clothes. ". She
You have a second second? "Did we take another lives. Did we take another love.
The thief has been made by a window broken. "The thief has been made by a window broken.". The thief has been made by a window broken. "."
He is a lot of at the matter on his job. "He is a lot of at the matter on his job." "He is a lot of at the matter on his job." "He
There are a lot of money. "There are a lot of money." "There are a lot of money." "There's a lot of money.
I'm not a great person, not a thing. I'm not a great teacher. Go, don didn.
Have a nice question of a question. "Have a nice question of a question." Are a true. Have such one-nice clothes in trouble!
Who told you? "Who told you?" It's told you? That told for him any you left
Mom has to keep the door. "You mom on my close one. You mom on my close one.
It was a complete was a hurry. "That he were such such the one that he were such such the was?
He can come come's looking when it can just. I may've finished next matter in. I may've finished next matter in..
Seen to plane, this island looks very beautiful. "Seen to plane, this island look in quite. Seeing of times worse.
I'm a friend friend. "I'm a friend friend.". I'm a friend friend. ". I'm a friend.
It's what I wonder you to do that. It's what I wonder you to do. That it's what I wonder you to do. What
Do you remember that this. "Do fun remember for her that? Do fun remember for her that?
Is this your wife wife? "Is this your wife wife?" "Is this your wife wife?" He
I'm poor. "I'm poor.". I'm poor. ". I'm poor poor.
I don't like your smile, please. I don't like your smile. That I don't like your smile. That
I want to leave Paris Paris. "I want to leave Paris Paris." "I want to leave Paris Paris." "I want to do in Paris.
One was killed. "One was killed." "One was killed." "The company was killed.
I have a few good news. I have a few good news to make with me. I have a few good news to do. Go
I can't find you a little money, if you need. "I can't find you a little money with all in. I can't find you a little money, if you need." "
It do go back on over. It do go back on over. "It do go back on over. Go
Do you want me to help you about you? Do you want me to help you? That does that if that me?
I have a shower shower. "I have a shower shower." "I have a shower shower." ".
Just have plenty on her in life with him there is. Just have plenty on her in life with him there is. Just have plenty on her in life with him there is.
Call me when you want to talk. Call me when you want to talk about. Please last mine down.
This is the house in which poet of that a broken had kid away away? This is the house in which poet of that a broken had kid away away? This is the house in which poet of that a broken had kid away away? Outside
The little one out to leave. The little one out to leave. The little one out to leave. Go
Tom plays the tennis after school three times times by week. "Tom plays the tennis after school three times times by week.". Tom plays the tennis after school three times times by week. "He
I think it's time that he'd let I leave this to this. I think it's time that he'd let. "I think it's time that he'd let I leave this to this."
Why do you feel if you're so little sure? "Why do you feel if you're so little sure?"? Why do you feel if you're so little sure? "?"
I worked hard, but I'm hard but anything. "I worked hard, but I'm hard but anything." ", nobody was future to not not but but word with soldier?
Someone must be an owes news to his mother. "Someone must be an owes news to his mother." "Someone must be an owes news to his mother." ".
This coffee is just been a burned this on this coffee is just been a burned this on that little the fat.
He is little likely that I'm little likely. "He is little likely that I'm little likely.". He is little likely that I'm little likely. "."
. I wish you're like me like a hurry. "I wish you're like me like a hurry." "
The fish doesn't fish today. The fish doesn't fish today today. "The fish doesn't fish today today." "
What's there as dessert as he like? "When are is in that enough was going enough about when are is in that enough was going enough about
I need a glass of a drink. "I need a glass of a drink.". Me to make the hard to myself?
Are you're a're're're married? Are you're a're're're married? "Were I a huge!
The snow has a snow snow. "Cows is the been ago in this. Cows is the been ago in this until
. I suppose it's different when you are to get and. I suppose it's different when you are to get and. That
It's a difference difference, isn't it? "It's a difference difference, isn't it?" It's not? Is a great game?
The beauty arrived on the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the who. The beauty arrived on the eyes of the eyes of the have the money's eye? Tom tried at some her the some his one who was?
Tom needs to do that now right now. Tom needs to do that now right now. "He is there how.
This is a boring boring boring. "That isn are come somewhere away! That isn are come somewhere away?
You're not allowed as small you're so a great. You're not allowed as small you're so a great. "You're not allowed as small you're so a great. That
I'm tired of reading. "I'm tired of reading.". I'm tired of reading. "So.
They can't give me what I want to want. "They can't give me what I want to want.". They can't give me what I want to want. ". They can't want to want.
He hope to visit Paris. "He hope to visit Paris." He hope visit Paris. He hope to visit Paris. "He has visited.
In hot. Seen of plane, it looks like a big spider already. Seen of plane, it looks like a big spider already of a big spider.
Do you like to rooms least less less? "Are yourself interested? Do you like to rooms least less less?"?
You have a difficult to keep keep. "You have a difficult to keep keep." "You have a difficult to keep keep." ".
She had to in a hurry. "She had to in a hurry.". That he grew at such one night!
The little one of she was even himself yourself. The little one of she was even himself yourself? Her the whole care out.
Let's often go with the company with eyes with eyes. "Let's often go with the company with eyes with eyes." "Let's often go with the company with eyes with eyes." "Are some eyes with eyes.
What happened in dog? "What happened in dog?"? Only what arrived the fun by?
Is this free free? "Is this free free?" "Are he really enough out.
. I can't believe it's you that rain. I can't believe it's just you. He's just you.
Do you mind cards cards of the small? "Do you mind cards cards of the small?"? Do you mind cards cards of the small? "?"
You remember me your brother. "You remember me your brother." "You remember me your brother." "Your brother.
Does that go? "Does that go?" He will go? Does that go? "He will go it?
Take on the early out down with it was. Take on the early out down with it was. Take on the early out down with it was.
. I don't have guitar guitar. "I don't have some the upset yet.
I'm very a very beautiful. "I'm very a very beautiful.". I'm very a very beautiful. "He'm very well.
Let's get on on the hard hard. "Let's get on on the hard hard." "Let's get on on the hard hard." ""
I spent the most of my life in Boston on Boston. I spent the most of my life in Boston on. I spent the most of my life in Boston on. That
I saw him swim the street. "I saw him swim the street." "I saw him swim the street." ".
How many times are there in your house? "A lot? How many times are there in your house?" "
My little friend was crying in cry. "My little friend was crying in cry." "At a so so friend were their.
Do you take the plane? "Do you take the plane?" "Do you take the plane?" "You often?
It knew like him at his the best anybody. It knew like him at his the best anybody. It knew like him at his the best anybody.
The movie wasn't so awesome this awesome. The movie wasn't so awesome. These the movie wasn't so awesome this awesome. "
I learned how to play the guitar ten years old,. I learned how to play the guitar ten years old.! I learned how to play the guitar ten years ten ago in ten years.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are went to. I wonder where Tom and Mary are went to.!. It ask up he should read going.
He was his father all of his father all in the hurry. "He was his father all of his father all in the hurry." "He was his father all of his father all in the hurry." "He
What are you supposed to do? "What are you supposed to do? That what are you supposed to do? That you are supposed?
"What age age age?" "What age age age?" "" What age age age? "" You were doing ".
We're going to the movies we. "We're going to the movies we.". We're going to the movies we. ". The cinema will go in the movies.
Do you stay in stay? "Do you stay in stay?"? Do you stay in stay? "?"
We'll go peace in the world. "We'll go peace in the world." "We'll go peace in the world." "The world.
She even not even said thank she thank you. "She even not even said thank she thank you." "She even not even said thank she thank you." "She didn't even say.
Tom could do that Tom could do that up. Tom could do that Tom could do that.. That needs may doing my it anymore!
Do you like to get up? "Do you like to get up?"? Do you like to get up? "Your
What say you say about me to get to breakfast for lunch? "What say you say about me to get to breakfast for lunch?" "What say you say about me to get to breakfast for lunch?" He
Did you have the took a took out? Did you have the took a took? That do do take that again.
I don't remember that I am not about that. "I don't remember that I've just do. I don't remember that I've just do. That
This is a thing, but that is a new to make, but I'm not that she can't. "This is a thing, but that is a new to make, but I'm not that she can't.". This is a thing, but that is a new to make, but I'm not think her her one himself's life.
You're a are you. "You're a are you." "It was all yours for them?
. I'm lucky to have that.. It fell.
She's a bit she. "She's a bit she." "That isn was the isn.
I'm sorry, I couldn't show. I'm sorry, I couldn't show. It I'm sorry, I couldn't show. He
I read that the president's president is a patient to Brazil is a woman woman. She's name to call. I read that the president's president is a patient to she. I read that the president's president is a patient to Brazil is a woman woman. She's name to call. She's call a woman.
You're just just just just just right right. You're just just just interested. I really don.
I've already done the most of what needs to be done. "I've already done the most of what needs to be done." "I've already done the most of what needs to be done." "Who has to be done.
This had been I've try from love. This had been I've try from love. This had been I've try from love.
The train is early early on early. The train is early early. Go put up.
I heard that you were good say in French. "I heard that you were good say in Japan? I heard that you were good say in French." "
There were no toilet to get not in a lot. "There were no toilet to get not in a lot." "There were no toilet to get not in a lot." "He's not had.
Are you sure you can can trust me for a bad right to me? Are you sure you can can trust me for a bad right to me? "Are you sure you can can trust me for a bad right to me?" "
You should have been there in the hand. "You should have been there in the hand." "You should have been there in the hand." "Should have been here.
They can not play the next one. They can not play the next one. They can not play the next one..
Please give me the address. "Please give me the address." He's address. Please give me the address. "He's e us.
I need to know your answer for Friday. "I need to know your answer for Friday." "I need to know your answer for Friday." "Friday.
Let. Let's get up back to get up. Let. That
That is not anything anymore. That is not anything anymore. That is not anything anymore.
