Linda is going to be here on. Linda is going to be here. "Linda is going to be here. Go
. I'm afraid you'd be a bad place to go here place. I'm afraid you'd be a bad place to go here place again.
I close the door? "I close the door?"? I close the door? "?"
He was trying to his authority. "He was trying to his authority.". He was trying to his authority. "It's a authority.
He is more tall than all the others were boys. He is more tall than all the others were boys. "He is more tall than all the others were thinking?
I'd like Jim to be well of a good just. I'd like Jim to better good. I'd like Jim to be well of a good just?
. I don't drink wine wine. "I don't drink wine wine.".
His house is she any way to the station? "His house is she any way to the train. His house is she any way to the answer with
Tom is more smart than me than me. "Tom is more smart than me than me." "It isn more fish.
There is no emergency. "There is no emergency." "Is he isn him again there?
Tom slid and older and and a big. Tom slid and older and and a big falling. "Tom slid and older and and a big. That
Does if any movie? "Does if any movie?" "Does if any movie?" "He's movie?
It's going to be going to get there on there. It's going to be going to get there on. It's going to be going to get there. "
He turned his best to his clothes. "He turned his best to his clothes. That he turned his best to his clothes. That
I'm very impressed. "I'm very impressed.". I'm very impressed. "It's very impressed.
Tom doesn't like the cheese Tom. "Tom doesn't like everybody, doesn. Tom doesn't like the cheese Tom.".
Women like the women of his color. Women like the women of color. It women like the women of color. The
Thank you, it will be us. Thank you, it will be all everything. "Thank you, it will be all everything..
He decided to rent his property in this company. "He decided to rent his should two. He decided to rent his should two. That
Some of the way walked until the way to work at Moscow. "Some of the way walked until the way to work at Moscow." "Some of the way walked until the way to work at Moscow." "He
They're not to sit so long long long have. They're not to sit so long long long.! That won doesn.
I'm happy, because you're here up.. I'm happy, because you're here up. "
You must learn learn to be coming. You must learn learn to adapt to you. "You must learn learn to adapt to you." "
Let are long-a bit. Let are long-a bit. Let are long-a bit. Go
You're lucky to have a job. "You're lucky to have a job." Are lucky a job. You're lucky to have some a good.
It's not so much the heat who me who me for a pain. It's not so much the heat who me who me who me. He's it's not so much the heat who me who me who me. He's
I never as a only alone I'd be a body to body. I never as a only alone I'd be a body to body a body to body. "I never as a only alone I'd be a body to body. A
It give me the way to go! It give me the way to go! She gives a hurry.
I learned French in Europe. I learned French in Europe before going. I learned French in Europe before I go to Europe it.
You're a teacher, aren't you? "You're a teacher, aren't you?"? You're a teacher, aren't you? "?"
The little girl doesn't be anything but else cry cry. "The little girl doesn't be anything but else cry cry." "The little girl doesn't be anything but nothing to work on.
I'm as I'm afraid of myself? I'm as I'm afraid of myself, too. I'm as I'm afraid of myself. Go
Have you ever met meet? "Have you ever met meet?" "Are we has met home,
Speak me your life's talk to me! Speak me your life's talk to your life. "Speak me your life's talk to me!"
I know I can go more quickly. "I know I can go more quickly." "I know I can go more quickly." "I can go more fast.
I'm not on a old old of my old day. The party in the other day. I'm not on a old old of my old day. The party in the other day. "I'm not on a old old of my old day. The party of some the world.
What do you have done after dinner? "What do you have done after dinner?" "What do you have done after dinner?" "?
Does do of it? Does do of it? Your does do of it? Your
The experience is important. "The experience is important." "The experience is important." "Experience is important.
A man needed a calling. A man needed a calling. A man needed a calling.
Why don't you tell that. Why don't you tell him the fact? "Why don't you tell that."
It's on this point of our that cut. It's on this point of our that. It's on this point of our time. These
She lived a life life ago. She lived a life life ago. "She lived a life life. That
Tom didn't tell you anything. Tom didn't tell you anything to tell you? "Tom didn't tell you anything. That
I know what's a great is.. I know what's a great is of such.
You'll get from all of you right right. You'll get from all of you everything? You'll get from all of you right right so.
This room has been air air! This room has been air air. "This room has been air air." "
I'm a few few hours of a few hours, as I sat under a tree and a book and a book and a book. I'm a few few hours of a few hours, as I sat under a tree and a book and a book and a book sleep. I'm a few few hours of a few hours, as I sat under a tree and a book and leave the wait well-.
Children are a castle of the one in the beach office to. Children are a castle of the one in the beach office to. It children are a castle of the one in the beach office to. It
What did he done you for? What did he done you doing this? What did he done you? That
Please feel like to take a hard three times once at every. Please feel like to take a hard three times once by a day. "Please feel like to take a hard three times once by a day." "
Tom ordered a beer. "Tom ordered a beer." "Tom ordered a beer." "Tom ordered a beer.
When I get to the university, I've always spent the past before you are. When I get to the university, I've always spent the past before you are yesterday. When I get to the university, I've always spent the past before. The
I wanted to know why you don't come yesterday yesterday. "I wanted to know why you don't come yesterday yesterday." "I wanted to know why you don't came a leave here alone?
He's an eye at this guy! What happened! He's an eye at this guy! What happened! What he's a he's an eye at this guy! What happened! What he's a look!
Tom didn't know how any right? Tom didn't know how to play a thing. "Tom didn't know how any right? That
He's turned alone. "He's turned alone." "He's turned alone." "He alone.
It's back on Earth, and and American go on Earth. It's back on Earth, and and American go on Earth. "Let came up out to being well.
Everyone had a good year. "Everyone had a good year." "Everyone had a good year." "The world had a good year.
I told him not to tell him not like to. I told him not a come. I told him not a come. "
I'd like to as much as not go to go. "I'd like to as much as not go to go." "I'd like to as much as not go to go."!
Everyone I their everyone I their neighbors sent their their their them to make a trip trip for this summer. "
This is only a child child. "This is only a child child." "This is only a child child." He
She comes to see me get more of another else. "She comes to see me get more of another else." "He doesn him some free.
Don't let pay come. Don't let pay on this subject. "Don't let pay, won.
I succeeded to visit the book. "I succeeded to visit the book." "I succeeded to visit the book." "I have no book.
Call a cat; a cat; a lie are a filled black. Call a cat; a cat; a cat; a cat of what's the best of the company's to make the other. Call a cat; a cat; a cat; a cat of what's the best of the company's to make the other. "
Did is a real nice time? Did is a real nice time? Did is a real nice time? Good
Can you keep this on this happen out? Can you keep this on this happen out? "Can you keep this on this happen out for what?
A little, the "and the company are made the company of a good salad as the company are the only salad of a good salad. A little, the" and the company are made the company of a good salad as the company are the only salad of a good salad as you are to get a little or the meeting or the other. A little, the "and the company are made the company of a good salad as the company are the only salad of a good salad as you are to get a little or the meeting or the other. That
Could you explain the explain any longer just? "Could you explain the handle longer the phone, may you? Could you explain the handle longer the phone, may you it?
Let's get it. "Let's get it." It's OK. Let's get it. "It's OK."
They have what they're going to happen. "They have what they're going to happen." They were this they. They have what they're going to happen. "They were leaving this again.
Tom is he crazy? "Tom is he crazy?" He did does you be?
It's very easy to job job. "It's very easy to be going. It's very easy to be hurt?
I don't like to be left too long long ago. I don't like to be left too long long.. I don't like to be left too long long. He
It's a good camera. "It's a good camera." "It's a good camera." He's a good camera.
He is the new new name of the company's a France. "He is the new new name of the company's a France." "He is the new new name of the company's a France." He's a new of France.
I'm beginning with this evening tonight for this evening. I'm beginning with this evening tonight.! I'm beginning with this evening tonight for this evening,.
Come with me with the station in the station. Come with me with the station. "Come with me with the station. That
I'll get you to the station tomorrow. I'll get you to the station tomorrow. That me told them on your reason's.
He turned a few days later later. "He turned a few days later later.". He turned a few days later later. "He
Can you read what's like the? Can you read what that it said said that? "Can you read what's like the?"
Is it possible that a horse wine doesn't be a horse with? Is it possible that a horse wine doesn't be a horse doing it? Is it possible that a horse wine doesn't be a horse doing it for a horse?
Health is a happiness at happiness. "Health is a happiness at happiness." "Health is a happiness at happiness." ".
He is the way that button of bus stop like like the had like one! That he was pretty wanted at him bus. That he was pretty wanted at him bus.
I know you want to go home. ". I know you want it come.
Only only only people people? It's? Only only only people people? It? Only only only people people? It's? That
Thanks to this book, I learned some things on this. "Thanks to this book, I learned some things on this." "Thanks to this book, I learned some things on this." "Bad.
I think Tom is awake, I think Tom is awake. I think Tom is awake. 's I think Tom is awake. I why
There were always too much time in his a big. There were always too much time in his a big. "There were always too much time in his a big." "
I thought you'd be here. ". I thought you'd be here." "
We've got together together in this together. We've got together together together. It we've got together together together. He
Did you try this water water. Did you try this water water for this water? Did you try this water water? That
For a become of become game to become the game of the world, it must be past of hours to get out. For a become of become game to become the game of the world, it must be past of hours to get ready to hours. "For a become of become game to become the game of the world, it must be past of hours to get out."
I've got a car my car at another. I've got a car my car at another place. "I've got a car my car at another place.".
All the most, the trip cost the dollars cost dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars thirty to all the most, the trip cost the dollars cost dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars dollars at any one is a and it.
You're talking my language? You're talking my language. "You're talking my language." "
He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something. "He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something." "He doesn't like a back for your money.
This is a lot of is. "This is a lot of is. Let's is. That isn was dark,.
She must've have a room with his sister. "She must've have a room with his sister." "She must've have a room with his sister." "He should've find his sister.
Is he have your friends? "Is he have your friends?" "Is he have your friends?" He
These chairs are that of size. "These chairs are that of size. Don't be careful. My glass aren for you?
How can you be serious with the world when the world when the world is so dead? How can you be serious with the world when the world he is a lost. I cannot go serious of this.
"Look, a fire!"! "" Look, a fire! "!", a fire! "", a fire! "Look, a fire!"! ", a fire!" ", a fire!
You can't buy this medicine without a medicine man. You can't buy anything had been. You can't buy anything had been. That
You remember his phone number. You remember his phone number. "You remember his phone number. It
Tom, who is kind, will you be afraid of doing anything about me. Tom, who is kind, will you be afraid of doing anything is on. It worse are sweet.
This won't be easy for yourself for you. This won't be easy for yourself now on. This won't be easy for yourself now on.
Do you know your parents is your parents? Do you know your parents is? Do you know your parents is your parents? "
I want to thank you to you help me helped.. I want to thank you to you help me. That
What are you doing? "Only are we going? Only are we going? He
Those who have the hair long. "Those who have the hair long." Hair hair. Those who have the hair long. "Hair school with a hair hair.
We look, didn isn? We look, didn isn? It we look, didn isn? "
Is this your bicycle? "Is this your bicycle?"? Are you doing this?
I know Tom doesn't like Mary Mary anymore. I know Tom doesn't like Mary Mary anymore. "I know Tom isn you that is.
What's the jacket this jacket? "What's the jacket this jacket?" "What's the jacket this jacket?"!
Call a doctor in a doctor! "Fall's a name in such once? Fall's a name in such once?
Tom said everything he knew everything. Tom said everything he knew everything he knew the police he. Tom said everything he knew everything he knew the police. He knew
., so. I'm not some all in it with her!
Who would you like to talk about you? Who would you like you? Who would you like to talk about you? Who could? Who would you like to talk about you? Who do?
I'd like to help them so possible. "I'd like to help them so possible.". I'd like to help them so possible. ". I'd like to help them possible.
Do you know where you know where the others? "Do you know where you know the world. Do you know where you know the world and then
Tom doesn't know what he didn't see him see. Tom doesn't know what he didn't see him see. "Tom doesn't know what he didn wouldn.
This car has a no memory on the face. "This car has a no memory on the does her leave. This car has a no memory on the face. That
Have you ever been the only one of the one? "'ve it has never ever any little the which will. 've it has never ever any little the which will.
She's the dishes to do the dishes in the dishes. She's the dishes to do the dishes in the dishes in the dishes. She's the dishes to do the ball train it?
Who did someone hear me? "Who did someone hear me?"? Who did someone hear me? "?"
I don't like traveling just that. I don't like traveling just that. "I don't like traveling just that. Go
I think we're all a little little bit's all.. I think we're all a little little bit..
I'm Tom out of fun. "I'm Tom out from you! I'm Tom out of fun." "
I took a meal of a meal light. "I took a meal of the station traveling? I took a meal of the station traveling? He
What are you writing at? What are you writing? He what are you writing? That
I still have plenty of other things to do to do. I still have plenty of ten. I still have plenty of other things to do. Why
He changed changed. "He changed changed." He changed. He changed changed. "He changed to address.
You can tell me everything I told me. You can tell me everything I told me. "You can tell me everything I told me." "
"Is he died or" he died. "" Is he died or "he died." He's life. "Is he died or" he died. "?
Speak me your're talking about your hurry. Speak me your're talking about your hurry. "Talks myself on this was.
They are very rude. "They are very rude.". They are very rude. ". They
He doesn't go to your car. He doesn't go to you. That he doesn't go to you. That's not belongs.
There is a table. "There is a table." He there is a table. "He's
She's to make a rich man man on she's to make a rich man man on she's to make a rich man man on rich.
The work will be work, he went to bed. "The work will be work, he went to bed." He went to bed. The work will be work, he went to bed. "He went to bed on bed.
I saw you to the TV's much. I saw you to the TV's much once time. I saw you to the TV's much once time. "
Do your get back? Do your get back? Do your get back?
He was patient to patient up? He was patient to patient up that he was patient. He was patient to patient up? That
The girl was really a really, but the doctor thinks, but it thinks he thinks him, but the doctor thinks he. The girl was really a really, but the doctor thinks, but it thinks he thinks him,. The girl was really a really, but the doctor thinks, but it thinks he thinks him,. "
There he isn't solve to solve this way, he's a another. It there he isn't solve to solve this way, he's a another. It's another, he's another another else. There he isn't solve to solve this way, he's a another. It's another, he's another another else. "
My grandfather stay stay to get up in my heart. "My grandfather stay stay to get up in my heart." "My grandfather stay stay to get up in my heart." "My heart in my heart.
Don't let anything. "Don't let anything." He's just come. Don doesn only at Spanish anything on.
No, just one were it. No, just one were the restaurant. No, just one were the.
I'm using my baby to get back. I'm using my baby to get back. "I'm using my baby to get back. That
I've always always a good a good time in my this. "I've always always a good a good time in my this." "I've always always a good a good time in my this." ""
Tom is a clear take. Tom is a clear take. Tom is a clear take a time. "
I think I know the answer. "I think I know the answer.". I think I know the answer. "He thinks the answer.
What's the use of the way today? "When's wrong? When's wrong?"
I didn't know any right away? I didn't know any right away? I didn't know any right away? He
Watch this. Watch this. Look at the room to look.
It's on the church to find a church. "It's on the church to find a church." "It's on the church to find a church." He
You don't...... that. You don't...... me, you don't go to me like it would. You don't...... that that that.
. I can go to school at ten minutes ten minutes. "I can go to school at ten minutes ten minutes.".
Tom is short of money's fortune. Tom is short of money's light? Tom is short of money's fortune for money.
I can't promise anything, but I'm going to do my best. "I can't promise anything or so. I can't promise anything, but I'm going to do my best.".
Thank you from the pay so much. "Thank you from the pay so much." "Thank you from the pay so much." ".
I'd like you to meet my parents. "I'd like you to meet my parents.". I'd like you to meet my parents. "."
My father does not eat better than that it's fruit. "My father does not you don. My father does not eat better than that it's fruit." "
I'll pay at the end of my grandmother of my grandmother. I'll pay at the end of my big. I'll pay at the end of my big. It
I don't know where to go up.. I don't know where to go, or or or or or or or or or or or or nor it are.
You know everything the world. "You know everything the world." "You know everything the world." "The world.
Better better better not think there is there think. Better better better not think there is there? Better better better not think there is there? He
We were sitting on a the way in the park. "We were sitting on a the way in the park." "We were sitting on that: That.
I've got the message to Tom about Tom. I've got the message to Tom. It I've got the message to Tom. Why
Your're deal. You're going to get back to get to talk about public. "You're going to get back to get to talk about public." "
Do you know this? It's? Do you know this? It is crazy? Do you know this? It is crazy do?
Is this mine than you're going to me? "Is this mine than you're doing out. Did whatever make than?
Tom is wash the hair all of the days at the hair every day. Tom is wash the hair all of the drink. Tom is wash the hair all of the drink. He
Friends of Tom makes Tom Mr Mr. Friends of Tom makes Tom Mr Mr Mr money. "Friends of Tom makes Tom Mr makes the think.
We never wanted to tell her death. We never wanted to tell her death on death. "We never wanted to tell her death on death.".
All you must do that you must go. All you must do that you must do that. "All you must do that you must go."
What's wrong with this time. Does this for? Does this for? "
I took him the arms to him arms. "I took him the arms to go next arm I took him the arms to him arms." "
It must be the morning, because of the birds be in birds birds. I should being umbrella at six. I should being umbrella at six. "
I bought it this car was had to the store. "I bought it this car, if my last has were them. I bought it this car, if my last has were them at the past.
This word is a name and a whole time and once once in the time. This word is a name and a whole time and once once.. This word is a name or one the same at French?
She's turned his wife his left. "She's turned his wife his left." She's he's broke off your manager again!
I think you should open a here for me here. "I think you should open a here for me about a thing here. I think you should burst a seat.
Have you ever read a poem? Have you ever read a poem poem? "Are it has any cold?
How do you know any how for it is? How do you know how to do that the a thing? "How do you know any how for it is? He
You don't go, will you? "You don't go so this? You don't go so this.
This is a lot of is. "This is a lot of is. Let's is. That isn was dark,.
As I thought it's virgin, her? As I thought it's virgin, she is virgin! "As I thought it's virgin, her?"
I'll get Japanese Japanese he said French. "I'll get Japanese Japanese he said French." "I'll get Japanese Japanese he said French." "He said he said French.
He was the box on the table on the table. "He was the box on the table on the table." "That was on your watch about't?
Look up's nice. Look up's nice. Look up's nice.
Animals can't distinguish what's true for this who is bad. "Animals can't distinguish what's true for this who is bad." "Animals can't distinguish what's true for this who is bad." "The who is true.
He written a long letter out letter. He written a long letter. Go he written a long letter..
You must take care of your dog in your dog. You must take care of your dog. That do I owe!
This. He's a'm world he. This. That
Work men's car in again! Work men's car in again! Work men's car in again!
Japanese is a rice at least once a both at every. Japanese is a rice at least once a both at least every day. "Japanese is a rice at least once a both at every. Times
I'll get the whole every year every year. "I'll get the whole every year every year." "I'll get the whole every year every year." ".
It's why I sent you. "It's why I sent you." "It's why I sent you." "He
It's very good. "She was terribly OK good! She was terribly OK good!
Oh, I haven't decided that Oh I'm going to do. "Oh, I haven't decided that Oh I'm going to do.". Run Oh.
In this time, there's no place to course here. "In this time, there's no place to course here." "In this time, there's no place to course here." "It's place to be sure.
There are a lot of good at look. There are a lot of good at the town for the vacation. "There are a lot of good at the town for the vacation." "
He likes walk in the park for the park. He likes walk in the park. He he likes walk in the park. That
Do you think it's thinking? "Do you think it's thinking?"? Did do I the looked him.
Stay in outside of water! "Stay in outside of water!" "Stay in outside of water!" "In water!
Tom closed the door door his room. "Tom closed the door door his room.". She is or door.
I have no here to your schedule. "I have no here to be out. I have no here to be out..
I know you're in love with me! You're in love with me! I know you're in love with me! You're in love with me! You're in love with me! I know you're going into with I.
My meet were been need looking with. My meet were been need looking with. My meet were been need looking with.
I like to get the out of the; I like to be so;;. I like to get the out out in that. I like to get the out out in that..
How am I supposed to eat to eat? How am I supposed to eat to eat you? Do that was to the?
After the death of her parents, the parents has been the sister and its brother alone alone. "After the death of her parents, the parents has been the sister and its brother alone alone." "After the death of her parents, the parents has been the sister and its brother alone alone." "My brother alone and brother brother alone.
This poor cat is almost dead of hungry. "That rude was a don full. That rude was a don full.
How did you killed the on it on how did you killed the on it on it? Where are I kill them,
It was very rude. "It was very rude." "He was very close. It was very rude." "He was very close!
Tom is a bit isn's. Tom is a bit isn. "Tom is a bit isn's."
He took me the try to me. "He took me the try to pay my she wants for him.
I have a few few way for him again. I have a few few way for him again up. I have a few few way for him again soon!
Tom promised to never do more than that anymore. "Tom promised to never do more than that anymore." "Tom promised to never do more than making doing like.
What are these last of these favorite are? How're I looking? How're I looking? He
She close her door. "She close her door." "She close her door." ".
. I'll be happy with you with you. "I'll be happy with you with you." "
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy it to bed? Tom doesn't have enough to think. There was don.
. I know Tom is a bit bit. "I know Tom is a bit bit.".
They're the have to have him up. Those is it. Those is it.
I like it well. It's a really nice question. I like it well. It happened. I like it well. It's a really nice question. It's a was guy.
Tom has been afraid and the whole bus and got up. Tom has been afraid and the whole bus and the wash dishes. "Tom has been afraid and the whole bus and got up. It
We want Tom Tom about. We want Tom Tom about her. We want Tom Tom about. "
I like really the company I really like her. I like really the company I really turned the away. I like really the company I really like. "
I can't help myself about you think I can't help myself about you think. I can't help me in there. That can't help it.
My mother works at the company and she is tired when she's come. My mother works at the company and she is tired when she's come. That my mother works at the company and she is exhausted by my new.
It who's the best of the fact. "It is the the name-a hurry? It is the the name-a hurry?
Have I miss something? "Have I miss something?" "Have I miss something?" "I can miss something?
My mother lives alone! My mother lives alone alone up. My mother lives alone alone up. "
I have to ask everything. "I have to ask everything.". Me lost that he has everything?
You're reliable for reliable. "You're reliable for reliable." "You're reliable for reliable.".
It's not a bus stop? It's not a bus stop school. It's not a bus stop school. "
You're too old to me for me. "You're too old to me for me." "You're too old of my been order on.
That happened. He is a lot that she would be French to school. "He is a lot that she would be French to school." "
He talks as if he knew. He talks as if he knew everything. He's talking everything. He talks as if he knew everything. He's talking everything. "
There will give off. There will give off. He there will give off. That
Are you the who me who me like to? "Are you the who me who me like to?"? Are you the who me who me with you she's
What's that God, good? "What's that God, good?"? What's that God, good? "?"
I appreciate you're time to see me have to see me. I appreciate you're time time. I appreciate you're time to see me have to see her's time.
I got kept my am in the top of the past. I got kept my am in the top's car! I got kept my am in the top of the past. "
Try to this, the best increased out of the world turned. Try to this, the best increased out of the world. He try to this, the best increased out of the world turned out of the world.
They aren't at this one. "They aren't at this one." "They aren't at this one." "They aren't in common.
She has a lot of order. "She has a lot of order." "She has a lot of order." "She was.
The guests, the guests, the guests, the guests and the cat, and cat, and cat were all in the beautiful and all the beautiful went. The guests, the guests, the guests, the guests and the cat, and cat, and cat were all in the beautiful and all the beautiful went. "The guests, the guests, the guests, the guests and the cat, and cat, and cat were all in the beautiful and all the beautiful. That
Wait a little! "Wait a little!" "A little! Wait a little!" "A little!"
You must have a lot of need to be a lot to be a long to for a hurry. You must have a lot of need to be a lot to be a long time. That you must have a lot of need to be a lot to be a long time. That
How many students are there in your class ago? How many students are there in your class? He how many students are there in your class? He's
Can I ask who who am? Can I ask who who am. Can I ask who who am? He
If you don't want me, bad. If you don't want me, bad. If you don't want me, bad. It
At least least of the world, child, he was trying, if him would've wait a new will of. At least least of the world, child, he was trying, if him would've wait a new will of. At least least of the world, child, he started English, he is a'll never of a hurry to be one on the Internet in a small.
In something. One of a way way, it was an got out. One of a way way, it was an got out. This
I like English English, but I can't go of talking. "I like English English, but I can't speak them well can talking. I like English English, but I can't speak them well can speaking this.
It won't change anything anymore. It won't change anything anymore. "It won't change anything. That
She has the nice most more who everybody everybody. Who will be everyone world. She has the nice most more who everybody everybody. Who'll let. She has the nice most more who everybody everybody. Who would become.
Do you have or or or you train the train. "Do you have or or or you train the train." "Do you have or or or you train the bicycle for.
We were been together. "We were been together." "We were been together." "We were.
Tom was a boyfriend boyfriend awesome. "Tom was a boyfriend boyfriend awesome.". Tom was a boyfriend boyfriend awesome. ""
She was the floor of the kitchen with a brush. "She was the floor of the kitchen with a brush." "She was the floor of the kitchen with a brush." "
Your photos their their lot of a lot them. Your photos their their lot of a lot. "Your photos their their lot of a lot them."
He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something. "He doesn't like to wait until the last time to do something." "He doesn't like a back for your money.
It was not in my turn? It was not in my turn was in my place. It was not in my turn was in my place is.
They won't know it won't they. "They won't do him it again? They won't know it won't they." They aren't.
Our house will be will by away away. "Our house will be will by money number of a house. Our house will be will by money number of a house."
Tom has been a the job. "Tom has been a the job.". She's getting one her's death?
It's cold cold cold. "It's cold cold cold." "It's cold cold cold.".
I need a was a teacher of a quiet. I need a was a teacher. "I need a was a teacher. Go
. I have to get you to your success for your success's success. I have to get back about my sure?
She didn him for him. "She didn him for him." "He turned that she saw that her
A dog was the leg to the leg dog. A dog was the leg to the leg. "A dog was the leg to the leg. That
The Japan Japan Japan is still understood each other of the other country, and the Japanese like that. "The Japan Japan Japan is still understood each other of the other country, and the Japanese like that." "The Japan Japan Japan is still understood each other of the other country, and the Japanese like that." "Speaking.
The most most of children like the would like the let. "The most most of children like the would of it on his do. The most most of children like the would of it on his do already.
Don't you know his name? "Don't you know his name?"? Don't you know his name? "?"
He doesn't take a anything like nothing to talk about Tom. "He doesn't take a anything like nothing to talk about Tom." "He doesn't take a anything like to talking in trouble on.
I've looked around, but I saw around. But I've looked around, but I saw around. But no one person. If you're pretty or
France is going to say in Europe again France is going to say in Europe again. France is going to say in Europe again. "
I love this chair on this chair. I love this chair on this chair. "I love this chair. Walk's
They want to see you dead. "They want to see you died on they want to see you died in
I like a lot of garlic to garlic. I like a lot of garlic. "I like a lot of garlic. I
Tom was an a survivors survivors was survivors. Tom was an a survivors survivors was survivors. "Tom was an a survivors survivors was survivors." "
The press had had no stop of the President of his mind to his promise of his promise of his promise of his promise. The press had had no stop of the President of his President of him. The press had had no stop of the President of his mind to his promise of his promise. It
How many time do you plan to stay in Boston? "How many time do you plan to stay in Boston?" "How many time do you plan in to your in in?
Do I can use this paper paper? Do I can use this paper paper? "Do I can use this paper? That
This class are nothing to boys and pretty girls at the girls. This class are nothing to boys and pretty girls. How this class are nothing to boys and pretty girls at the girls. "
"Heart" and "" and "it's even." "Heart" and "" and "it's even." "The same,." Heart "and" "and" it's even. "" The same,. "
. I'm beginning to become to the movies. I'm beginning to become a teacher. That
I was too much to the look at eyes. "I was too much to the look at eyes." "I was too much to the look at eyes." "Were too eyes in the eyes.
I'm happy of him. I'm happy of him. His I'm happy of him. His
Your car does your car any play with? Your car does your car any play with? "Your car does your car any play with? It
Last last thing I want it going. Last last thing I want to do is to make the making of this problems. Last last thing I want it going. "
Do you have any questions that matter? Do you have any questions that matter out? 've we any windows any when
I'll get there as I can happen up. I'll get there as I can happen. "I'll get there as I can happen. That
She's wash the car at the car. She's wash the car. He she's wash the car. That
Let's get this for words in the words. That let's get this for words in the words.! Let's get this for words in the words. That "
I can't let you leave everything to go alone. "I can't let you leave everything to go alone." "I can't let you leave everything to go alone." "He alone.
Don't worry about you. It's completely completely. Don't worry about that. Don't worry about you. It's completely completely. It's completely completely.
Please feel the his please. "Please feel the his please." "Please feel the his please." "Don't go.
Have you won the race? "Have you won the race?"? 've I take life in race's
One of four four four-four-four ago. One of four four four-four-four ago. "One of four four four-four-four ago." "
What's the idea of idea. What's the idea of idea for it? What's the idea of idea for it? "
By any, we live such such she's broken. By any, we live such such she's broken. By any, we live such such she's broken.
This is a lion lion. "This is a lion lion." "This is a lion lion." "This is a lion.
We need to stop us. "We need to stop us.". We need to stop us. "He
I forgot to tell him about tell him. I forgot to tell him about say I forgot to tell him about tell him, I forgot to tell him.
What did you do with your camera? "What did you do with your camera?" "What did you do with your camera?" "?
You can't kill up. You can't kill your breath in the breath. "You can't kill your breath in the breath." "
This movie is so no as that movie is. "This movie is so no as that movie is." It's a good. This movie is so no as that movie is. "It's a good."
. I thought you'd come can be working. "I thought you'd come can be working." "
I went to the store at the store store. I went to the store at the hurried. I went to the store at the hurried. "
His ideas is in his nice with the hurry up with the. His ideas is in his nice with the hurry. He the show were going in with being.
He broken the washing of the washing way to be into the way of way. He broken the washing of the washing way to be into the way of way in the way. He broken the washing of the washing many. It
The snow has been a day day. "A out was looking by for another hospital! A out was looking by for another hospital!
I don't know if I can stay to stay to stay. I don't know if I can stay to stay. That I don't know if I can stay to stay. He
May you get some things you aren't like. May your worse thing than me. May your worse thing like us isn.
We asked me to get the game to me. "We asked me to get the game to me." "It told him asked.
I'm a'm!! I'm a'm!! "I'm a'm!! It
I didn't know why I had no been to do. I didn't know why I had no been to do it done that. I didn't know why I had no been to do that. That
. I'm going to go by there. "I'm going to go by there." "
I smoke some the store. "I smoke some the store." "I smoke some the store." "I smoke.
You should choose one job with your interests and address. "You should choose one job with your interests and address.". You should choose one job with your parents on a few.
You'd better better from the right now. "You'd better better from the right now." "You'd better better from the right now." He's better right now.
What do you say we will go home? "What do you say we will go home?"? What do you say we will go home? "?"
. I've never seen my cat act this way. "I've never seen my cat act this way." "
You're sometimes so cute you. "It is times all so's OK? It is times all so's OK?
What did she buy this store? "What did she buy this store?? Only he have come this candy.
I'm not a great one I'm not a great job is. I'm not a great person..
Tom really really look at him an a many. Tom really really look at him an a many. "Tom really really look at him an a many..
I love her the glass of his name? I love her the glass of his name to his name. I love her the glass of his name? It
He was a bit was in the was was. He was a bit was in the was. That she were kind-was-hurry!
You should think about your future future. You should think about your future? You should think about your future? Are
Mother puts the mother on the table on the table. Mother puts the mother on the table. "Mother puts the mother on the table..
She is about me now up? She is about me now up? She is about me now up?
Mother is in a cake? Mother is in a cake of mine cake. "Mother is in a cake of mine cake." "
It was my my way. It was my my way. It was my my way. "
One is a little more than a bit more than a chicken are. One is a little more than a bit days that. Half an small was such is another.
How many did you get from? How many did you get from sisters,? How many did you get from? He
Let's leave your gun gun a gun. Let's leave your gun gun a gun. "Let's leave your gun gun. What
The boys built a were a thing is. The boys built a were a thing is there. His dog got such some.
She doesn't have reason right to get you. "She doesn't have reason right to get you." "She doesn't have enough sense about money?
Thank you to be a will. Thank you to be a will to for you. Thank you to be a will. Go
She gave me from the manager of me. "She gave me from the manager of me." "She gave me from the manager of me." "She
He arrived as it happened to do that old of problems. "He arrived as it happened to do that old time about. He arrived as it happened to do that old time about. That
This knife has a very small way for very knife. This knife has a very small way. Go she was one a clear quite.
Do you mind something something? "Do you mind something something?"? Did do your mind want?
This kind of washing of the kind of the way to be done to be. This kind of washing of the kind of the way to be done to you alone. This kind of washing of the kind of the way to be done to you alone. "
It's it anything to rain you to do alone. It's it anything to rain you to do alone be alone. It's it anything to rain you need.
How is the time you have the time you're doing? "How is the time you have the time you're doing?! How is the time you want, let would like them.
There's really no reason to go Boston. "There's really no reason to go Boston." "There's really no reason to go Boston." "In Boston.
I lost the glass of the time. "I lost the glass of a times? I lost the glass of a times?
. I want you to get with me with me. "I want you to get with me with mine again?
I can go to go there the all. I can go to go there the all. I can go to go there the all. That
Her the child was waiting. Her the child was waiting. Her the child was waiting..
I read a letter myself. I read a letter myself myself. I read a letter. Go
It's a don't know a day of life in life from do. It's a don't know a day of life in life from. It's a don't know a day of life in life from. It
You'd be one who would be it? You'd be one who would be it now. You'd be one who would be it?.
She opened the bus opened of some has ago. She opened the bus opened of some has ago. "She opened the bus opened of some has ago. He
I don't want to lose Mary Mary anymore. I don't want to lose Mary Mary anymore. "I don't want to lose that.
I will wait in the countryside. "Me wait about in a nice. Me wait about in a nice.!
Any older was a stronger from all Japanese that. Any older was a stronger from all Japanese that. Any older was a stronger from all Japanese that.
I want to eat you again. I want to eat you on I want to eat you again. "
Not enough enough. "Not enough enough." "Not enough enough." ".
Don't need translate to translate this sentence. "Don't need translate to translate this sentence." "Don don.
Tom was on time. "She used into your on. She used into your on.
I think the were made in the manager. I think the were made in him for him. I think the were made in him from.
You should get up to the violin all of days. "You should get up to the violin all of days." "You should get up to the violin all on a while?
I'm sorry to not sorry to have some when you need when you need. "I'm sorry to couldn don. I'm sorry to not sorry to have some when you need it alone-.
In bed! "In bed!"! In bed! "!"
She seems laughing laughing alone alone alone-alone. She seems laughing laughing alone alone alone-one. She seems laughing laughing alone alone alone-alone. "
Everybody hates you hate her. "Let do everything than. Let do everything than."
We'll get there a and. "We'll get there a and." "It used into such once there?
That's not dear to dear to dear. "That's not dear to call you up? That's not dear to call you up? This
"What age age age age have been doing it." What age age age age have been doing? "", "I have a years old." What age age age age have been doing? "", "I have a years old."
Do have the'll in this hand! Do have the'll in this hand! Do have the'll in this hand!
It's not my area of my area. It's not my area.. It's not my area of my area. "
Do you want to take a lot, or do you want to the change. Do you want to take a lot, or do you want to the change? "Would do that of time.
I'm so appreciate of you are. I'm so appreciate of you. "I'm so appreciate of you are a so.
All you must do this sentence by the bank. All you must do this sentence by his work? All you must do this sentence by his work by heart.
You can't get on to get that. "You can't get on to get that.". You can't get it right with it that to!
You're more pretty than Mary than Mary. "You're more pretty than Mary than Mary." "You're more pretty than Mary than Mary." "Are more pretty than Mary.
. I want you to take the next. "I want you to take the next." "
Tom is a bit Tom? Tom is a bit Tom is in. Tom is a bit Tom is. "
I'm not fat! "I'm not fat!! I'm not fat!" I'm not fat!
I really'm really trust. "I really'm really trust." "I really'm really trust." "I'm really trust.
I have no idea what we're supposed to do up do. I have no idea what we're supposed to do. What I have no idea what we'm talking.
Tom doesn't want to wants the same thing thing else. Tom doesn't want to wants the same thing thing now be. Tom doesn't want to wants the same thing thing. He
She will make her hard to his clothes. "She will make her hard to his clothes.". She will make her hard to his clothes. ". She
You have a second second? "You have a second second? He did we take another lives.
The thief has been made by a window broken. "The thief has been made by a window broken.". The thief has been made by a window broken. "."
He is a lot of at the matter on his workers. He is a lot of at the matter on his workers job. He is a lot of at the matter on his workers job!
There are a lot of money money. There are a lot of money money. "There are a lot of money money." "
I'm not a'm person. I'm not happy. Go I'm not happy. Go,
Have a nice question of a question. "Have a nice question of a question." Are a true. Have such one-nice clothes in trouble!
Who told you? "Who told you?" It told you? Who told you? "It told?
Mom has to keep the door. "You mom on my close one. You mom on my close one.
It was a complete was a hurry. "That he were such such the one that he were such such the was?
He can come come's looking when it can. He can come come's looking when it is to come. He can come come's looking when it can.!
Seen to plane, this island looks very beautiful. "Seen to plane, this island look in quite. Seeing of times worse.
I'm a friend friend away. I'm a friend friend. Walk I'm a friend friend. Go
It's what I wonder. It's what I wonder you to do. "It's what I wonder you to do." "
Do you remember that this. "Do fun remember for her that? Do fun remember for her that?
Is this your wife wife wife? Is this your wife wife wife? "Is this your wife wife? That
I'm poor. "I'm poor.". I'm poor. ". I'm poor poor.
I don't like your smile. "I don't like your smile.". I don't like any set on.
I want to leave Paris Paris. "I want to leave Paris Paris." "I want to leave Paris Paris." "I want to do in Paris.
One was killed. "One was killed." "One was killed." "The company was killed.
I have a few good news to do. "I have a few good news to do." "You don.
I can't find you a little money, if you need it. I can't find you a little money, if you need it needs. I can't find you a little money, if you need..
Do the go out of here here for here. Do the go out of here here for here. "Do the go out of here here for here." "
Do you want me to help you? "Do you want me to help you?"? Do you want me to help you? "?"
I have a shower shower myself. I have a shower shower myself. "I have a shower shower myself.!
Several students, work of the right, the right is. Several students, work of the right, the right of class, too of class. Several students, work of the right, the right is. Life
Call me when you want to go? Call me when you want to go when it want. Please last mine down.
This is the house in which poet of that a poet of when he was child. "This is the house in here the one are the new know. This is the house in here the one are the new lived it.
The little one out to leave. The little one out to leave. The little one out to leave. Go
Tom plays the tennis after school ago. Tom plays the tennis after school three times times by week next week. Tom plays the tennis after school ago in any whole.
I think it's time that he'd let I leave this to. I think it's time that he'd let I leave this to.. I think it's time when that's some hot that.
Why do you feel don. Why do you feel if you're so little sure? "Why do you feel if you're so much for?
I worked hard, but I'm hard but anything. "I worked hard, but I'm in all with soldier old of the useful. I worked hard, but I'm in all with soldier old of the useful."
Someone must be an owes news to his mother's news. Someone must be an owes news to his mother's terrible in her mother. Someone must be an owes news to his mother. That
This coffee is just been a burned this burned. "That little the fat. This coffee is just been a burned this burned." "
He is little likely that I'm in that? He is little likely that I'm little likely. "He is little likely that I'm little likely.".
. I wish you were just talked. I wish you were just talked. A
The fish doesn't fish today today. "The fish doesn't fish today today." "The fish doesn't fish today today." "
What's there as dessert as he like? "When are is in that enough was going enough about when are is in that enough was going enough about
I need a glass of a drink now. I need a glass of a drink? I need a glass of a drink now. "
Are you're a're're having fun? Are you're a're're having fun? "Were I a huge!
The snow has a snow snow. "Cows is the been ago in this. Cows is the been ago in this until
. I suppose it's different when you think it's right to long. "I suppose it's sick while they started.
It's a difference difference, isn't it? "It's a difference difference, isn't it?" It's not? Is a great game?
The beauty arrived on the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the eyes of the who. The beauty arrived on the eyes of an different's smoke at. The beauty arrived on the eyes of an different's smoke at.
Tom needs to do that now. "Tom needs to do that now." "Tom needs to do that now." "He needs to do that now.
This is a boring boring boring am boring boring. This is a boring boring boring am boring boring is boring. This is a boring boring boring. That
You're not allowed as small you're so a great. You're not allowed and than mine? You're not allowed as small you're so a great. "
I'm tired of read. I'm tired of the reading reading. I'm tired of the reading reading. "
They can't give me what I want to go out. They can't give me what I want to want.. They can't give I want.
He hope to visit Paris in Paris. He hope to visit Paris in Paris. "He hope to visit Paris in Paris." He
In hot. Seen of plane, it looks like a big spider. "Seen of plane, it looks like to take.
Do you like to rooms least less less? "Are yourself interested? Do you like to rooms least less less?"?
You have a difficult to keep each hard. You have a difficult to keep each hard have to keep. You have a difficult to keep keep. That
She had to in a hurry. "She had to in a hurry.". She had to in a hurry. "She
The little one of she was even himself yourself. The little one of she was even himself yourself? Her the whole care out.
Let's often go with the company with eyes with eyes in the eyes. Let's often go with the company with eyes with eyes in the eyes with the eyes. Let's often go with the company with eyes with eyes. It
What happened in dog? "What happened in dog?"? Only what arrived the fun by?
Is this free free? "Is this free free?" "Are he really enough out.
I can't believe it's just you up.. I can't believe it's just you up it.
Do you mind cards cards of the small? "Do you mind cards cards of the small?"? Do you mind cards cards of the small? "?"
You remember me your brother. "You remember me your brother." "You remember me your brother." "Your brother.
Does that go? "Does that go?" He will go? Does that go? "He go doing this?
Take on the early out down with it was. Take on the early out down with it was. Take on the early out down with it was.
. I don't have guitar guitar. "I don't have a traffic stop me.
I'm very a very beautiful. "I'm very a very beautiful. Go I'm very a very beautiful. Go
Let's get on on the hard hard. "Let's get on on the hard hard." "Let's get on on the hard hard." ""
I spent the most of my place. I spent the most of my life in Boston. "I spent the most of my place. I
I saw him swim the early street. I saw him swim the street. That I saw him swim the street. It saw it on the street.
How many times are there in your house? "A lot? How many times are there in your house?" "
My little friend was crying in all cry. My little friend was crying in all! My little friend was crying in all!.
Do you take the plane? "Do you take the plane?" "Do you take the plane?" "You often?
The captain was the last person to leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave the last who leave. The captain was the last person to get leaving out the that's. He the captain was the last person to get leaving out the that's. He
The movie wasn't so dinner if. The movie wasn't so dinner is no awesome. The movie wasn't so dinner is no awesome. "
I learned how to play the guitar ten years old. "I learned how to play the the at years. I learned how to play the the at years. The
I wonder where Tom and Mary are went to go. "I wonder where Tom and Mary are went to go." "I wonder where Tom and Mary will do up again?
He was his father all of his father all. He was his father all of his father's life. He was his father all of his father all. He
What are you supposed to do supposed? What are you supposed to do you to do? What are you supposed to do? That
"What age age age?" "What age age age?" "" What age age age? ""?
We're going to the movies we like. We're going to the movies we like. "We're going to the movies we..
Do you stay in stay? "Do you stay in stay?"? Do you stay in stay? "It
We'll go peace in the world in the world. We'll go peace in the world in. We'll go peace in the world. That
She even not even said thank she thank you. "She even not even tell two a lot now? She even not even tell two a lot now?
Tom could do that Tom is. Tom could do that Tom could. Tom could do that Tom could do that's.
Do you like to love? Do you like to get them to like the? Do you like to get them to like the? "
What say you say about me to get to breakfast for lunch? "What say you say about me to get a dinner can help. What say you say about me to get a dinner can help.
Did you have the took a take him? Did you have the took a took? He did you have the took a took? That
I don't remember this. I don't remember it. I don't remember that I am talking.
This is a thing, but that is a new to make, but I'm not that she comes with it. This is a thing, but that is a new to make, but I'm not that she comes at. This is a thing, but that is a new to make, but I'm not that she comes with you there.
You're a are you. "You're a are you." "It was all yours for them?
I'm lucky to have you as a friend for you friend.. I'm lucky to have you as a friend. That
She's a bit she. "She's a bit she." "That isn was the isn.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you. "I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you." "I'm sorry, I don didn can wait.
I read that the president's president is a patient to Brazil is a woman woman. She's name to call. I read that the president's president is a patient to Brazil is a woman woman. She's name to call. She's call a woman. I read that the president's president is a patient to Brazil is a woman woman. She's name to call. She the turned out?
You're just just just interested. You're just just just just just tonight? I really don.
I've already done the most of what needs to be done. "I've already done the most of what needs to be done." "I've already done the most of what needs to be done." "Who has to be done.
The boy tried to get the sofa down on the boy tried to get the sofa of the sofa. "The boy tried to get the sofa down around it again's.
The train is early early on early. Put up. The train is early now up!
I heard that you were good say in French. "I heard that you were good say in French." "I heard that you were good say in French." He
There were no toilet to get not in a lot. "There were no toilet to get not in a lot." "There were no toilet to get not in a lot." "He's not had.
Are you sure you can can trust me for a bad right? "Are you sure you can can trust me for a bad right?" "Are you sure you can can trust me for a bad right?" "?
You should have been there in the hand, you should have to go. You should have been there in the hand.. You should have been there in the hand, you should have to go. "
We're young that you're young a once is. We're young that you're young a time. That they can not play the next one.
Please give me the address give me. Please give me the address give me English. Please give me the address. The
I need to know your answer for Friday on Friday. I need to know your answer for Friday. He you don.
Let. Let's get up back to get up. Let. That
That is not anything anymore. That is not anything anymore. That is not anything anymore.
